I don't know no grown-ass man that just
wants to go to Disneyland I'll a what
what no nigga no no everybody in the
squad look like everybody in the squad
said why the fuck would have grown-ass
man go to Disneyland unless he has kids
and then what I look like a grown ass
maybe like a yo dog you try and go hang
out on Magic Mountain no nigga is like I
what the fuck you mean right is it hell
naw no no I don't want to hang out with
six-foot rats bro I'm good six-foot
rancid big eyes big ass shoes but you
know what it is cuz you from LA I'm not
I'm not we ate on that shit bird that's
true that's true if you live in
California you've been to Disneyland a
few times before you before you grow up
that's true
isn't it it's not even it's not even
that I've never even been is never even
crossed my mind like I don't I don't
like when I was a kid I never wanted to
go to Disneyland I don't know what it is
but if you went with your whole we skip
all the lines we had now you aren't
happy it was right happy you you don't
know because you never been that's
that's the thing so happy was still
right so I can't really be like dad you
just hating right now cuz you're still
right I'm not saying I would never go
but the day that I have kids and we go
over here I'll take them to Disneyland
but like doc I'm gonna walk around
looking like basher but I'm good 50 100
other people just like you alright like
a grown man hanging out she taught my
they got good restaurants at Disneyland
fuck I don't know Disney dollars bread I
told I true true I told Lawrence though
because we was picked up by Disney like
if they got some type of TV hosting or
something something involving television
then calling me yeah involving Disney
yeah call me about that but I don't want
to go to Disneyland
what up Jay G I'm from the East Coast
breads grimy out here it ain't it is not
is not sunshine and farts on the East
Coast bread like we're not happy about
nothing right
I like that's how it is out here man we
got snow we got cloudiness we don't care
about that shit that that was the one
thing that was weird to me about Elliott
like everybody's just like it's like
yelling drugs to me like everybody just
happy about shit how the fuck do I get
rid of this turret
you see you need to give it a shot you
can give it a shot before you have kids
so you can see how wrong you are
I'll get me halfway though you only
halfway your own remember that half
right so technically not wrong you know
this camp so you admit you feel
uncomfortable going to Disneyland it's
fun every times you don't as it was
definitely fun this time cuz I have no
damn lines the VIP tour guide literally
walked past everybody and we got on
everywhere bad he let us ride the ride
two or three times before we got off for
good people backing device okay this man
say I'm from this man said I'm from the
East Coast I've been at Disneyland I bet
you went to Disneyland when you was a
kid though exactly but it's like one two
six plays oh it's not going six it's
simply and then there's another reason I
don't want to go to Disneyland I'm not
I'm not the thrill type of person I
don't want to go to Disneyland I don't
wanna go to Six Flags I don't wanna go
to Busch Gardens I don't get on
rollercoasters bread is it some shit out
here I've been to Kings Dominion a
couple of times but I don't I don't get
on rollercoasters and it's not because
I'm scared
it's just I don't live for that shit
they don't do nothing for me why would I
want to get it why would I want to go up
and down at 100 miles an hour to get a
headache like I don't get it that's not
fun to me like hanging upside down at
the Lawrence make or not okay okay okay
you want to go to Disneyland again I
told you I would go yeah we had her for
you well UK to UK UK to I won't say I'm
scared again on roll of course I just
said I've been on rollercoasters all 60
you could have had a VIP the trip cost
$350 an hour and we was there for 12 13
hours laid out that's like I don't give
a fuck about no behind-the-scenes some
behind watch some Mexican put Mickey
Mouse's outfit on behind the scenes I
don't want to
that shit nigga got fuckin 12-foot
pigeon shoes around what does he landed
in the world right you right like in my
mind in my mind in my mind is the
Disneyland is like a bunch of little
snot-nosed kids running around and
bachelors like hiding in the bushes
pedophiles everywhere I don't want to
break over there oh no nigga what you
look like this hacking device not work
it from the jump so I can't there's no
way I can look man I was raised in a
household where I have my father he was
a strong black man that went to work
every day breath and never in my
father's mouth did it come out yo we
gotta go to Disneyland
never never my dad taught me to work
hard not go to Disneyland bro what the
hell what bro it's complimentary like I
said one day when I have kids whatever
day that is we gonna go to Disneyland
and I'm gonna let you know what I think
I'm gonna probably hate it but I'm gonna
let you know what I think
candy